Document the new release process (#61)
kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway: RELEASE.md

# Release Process

## Overview

The Ingress2Gateway Project is CLI project that helps with translating Ingress and provider related resources to [Gateway API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api) resources.

## Releasing a new version

### Writing a Changelog

To simplify release notes generation, we recommend using the [Kubernetes release
notes generator](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/cmd/release-notes):

```
go install k8s.io/release/cmd/release-notes@latest
export GITHUB_TOKEN=your_token_here
release-notes --start-sha EXAMPLE_COMMIT --end-sha EXAMPLE_COMMIT --branch main --repo ingress2gateway --org kubernetes-sigs
```

This output will likely need to be reorganized and cleaned up a bit, but it
provides a good starting point. Once you're satisfied with the changelog, create

> a PR. This must go through the regular PR review process and get merged into the

Reviewer: One nit: In Gateway API we've generally aimed for approval from at least a majority of maintainers before a release, so we have a bit of a higher bar for review + approval here.

Author: we will do the same here, I do not think there is a need to mention it here. this part is the same wording copied from Gateway Release.md

`main` branch. Approval of the PR indicates community consensus for a new
release.

### Patch a release

<!-- TODO(liorlieberman) -->

### Release a MAJOR or MINOR release

> <!-- TODO(liorlieberman) -->

Author: @robscott @shaneutt I am a bit confused how gw is managing this. Mostly around if and when we cut "release branches" 
Would appreciate your clarification/input here

Reviewer: We generally only cut release branches after the minor release tag is cut. With that said, given the mixup we made with v0.8.1 (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/issues/2411), I think one of our AIs will be to cut a release branch before releasing and prevent tags on the main branch.

### Release a RC release

1. Open a PR with changes of the version references in the codebase.
2. Include necessary changelog updates to CHANGELOG.md in this PR.
4. Merge the PR
5. Tag the release using the commit on main where the PR merged. This can be done using the git CLI `git tag -sa $VERSION`.
6. Run `git push origin $VERSION`, this will trigger a github workflow that will create the release.
7. Verify the [releases page](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway/releases) to ensure that the release meets the expectations.

> <!-- TODO(liorlieberman) is this needed? -->

Reviewer: I don't think so, we haven't bothered with Gateway API, but we do usually announce releases in Slack. If it's a particularly notable release, sending an email to the sig-network mailing list might make sense.

# Release Process

## Overview

> The Ingress2Gateway Project is CLI project that helps with translating Ingress and provider related resources to [Gateway API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api) resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ingress2Gateway Project is a CLI project that helps translate Ingress and provider-related resources to [Gateway API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api) resources.
```
